[MUSIC]
Welcome back.
You've just finished week three,
nice job sticking with it.
This week was more intense and
really went into more details
on the different types of data and
analytic techniques and
some of the tools that are used
to analyze and visualize data.
>> You started off the week
hearing Laurie talk about and
share examples of the different types of
analysis techniques that we use to help
solve problems for our client.
You had the opportunity to
download the interactive PDF
that gives an overview of each technique.
Keep this and
reference it whenever you need it.
Being able to distinguish
between these techniques and
knowing what techniques can help
you answer your data questions
will help you distinguish
yourself from your peers.
You also heard Laurie, Eddie, Amy, and
Rammy talk about quite a few different
tools that we use here at PWC.
There are so many different tools out
there that can help you perform different
tasks and
solve different types of problems.
Mike, as our Chief People Officer,
how can a person know all of these tools?
>> Great question, Amity.
At PWC we don't expect you to
come in knowing every tool, but
having the base data and analytic skills,
and knowing what tools exist and
what they can do, can set you apart.
That's why we're focused on giving you
a high level overview of some of the tools
used today for data and analytics.
We know technology and tools are
constantly evolving, but knowing one or
two tools very well will help you to
be able to learn additional data and
analytics tools in the future.
That's one reason why courses two and
three cover commonly
used tools like Excel.
It doesn't matter what role you have in
business, it's likely you're going to need
to work with data and
perform analyses, extract insights.
>> Absolutely.
You'll find most companies use these
tools all over the world to capture and
analyze all kinds of data.
>> Next week, you're going to take
everything you've learned in this course
and apply it in a simulation and
in the course project.
We'll share more details
when we kick off next week.
[MUSIC]